arch map
name Guild of [Template], Guild Hall Storage
difficulty 1
region Template
width 23
height 30
enter_x 10
enter_y 28
msg
Creator: Chad Opperman
cromagic@sbcglobal.net
Date:    2007-12-18
Modified: 2012-03-30 Rick Tanner
endmsg
end
arch dungeon_magic
end
arch grass
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 1
end
arch grass
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_ne-s
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 2
end
arch grass
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 3
end
arch grass
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 4
end
arch grass
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 5
end
arch grass
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 6
end
arch grass
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 7
end
arch grass
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 8
end
arch grass
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 9
end
arch grass
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 10
end
arch grass
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 11
end
arch grass
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 12
end
arch grass
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 13
end
arch grass
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 14
end
arch grass
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 15
end
arch grass
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 16
end
arch grass
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 17
end
arch grass
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 18
end
arch grass
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 18
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 19
end
arch grass
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 19
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 20
end
arch grass
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 20
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 21
end
arch grass
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 22
end
arch grass
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_se-n
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 23
end
arch grass
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_l
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 24
end
arch grass
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 25
end
arch grass
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 26
end
arch grass
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 27
end
arch grass
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 28
end
arch grass
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
y 29
end
arch grass
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
end
arch grass
x 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-e
x 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 1
end
arch grass
x 1
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 1
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 2
end
arch grass
x 1
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 3
end
arch grass
x 1
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 4
end
arch grass
x 1
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 5
end
arch grass
x 1
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 6
end
arch grass
x 1
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 7
end
arch grass
x 1
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 8
end
arch grass
x 1
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 9
end
arch grass
x 1
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 10
end
arch grass
x 1
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 11
end
arch grass
x 1
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 12
end
arch grass
x 1
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 13
end
arch grass
x 1
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 14
end
arch grass
x 1
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 15
end
arch grass
x 1
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 16
end
arch grass
x 1
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 17
end
arch grass
x 1
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 18
end
arch grass
x 1
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 19
end
arch grass
x 1
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 20
end
arch grass
x 1
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 21
end
arch grass
x 1
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 22
end
arch grass
x 1
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 1
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 23
end
arch grass
x 1
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-e
x 1
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 24
end
arch grass
x 1
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 25
end
arch grass
x 1
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 26
end
arch grass
x 1
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 27
end
arch grass
x 1
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 28
end
arch grass
x 1
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 1
y 29
end
arch grass
x 1
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
end
arch grass
x 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 1
end
arch grass
x 2
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 2
end
arch wall_2_2_2
x 2
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 6
end
arch wall_3_2
x 2
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 17
end
arch wall_3_2
x 2
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 2
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 2
y 21
end
arch wall_2_2_1
x 2
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 22
end
arch grass
x 2
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 23
end
arch grass
x 2
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 2
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 24
end
arch grass
x 2
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 25
end
arch grass
x 2
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 26
end
arch grass
x 2
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 27
end
arch grass
x 2
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 28
end
arch grass
x 2
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 2
y 29
end
arch grass
x 2
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
end
arch grass
x 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 1
end
arch grass
x 3
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 3
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 3
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 22
end
arch grass
x 3
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 23
end
arch grass
x 3
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 3
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 24
end
arch grass
x 3
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 25
end
arch grass
x 3
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 26
end
arch grass
x 3
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 27
end
arch grass
x 3
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 28
end
arch grass
x 3
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 3
y 29
end
arch grass
x 3
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
end
arch grass
x 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 1
end
arch grass
x 4
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 6
end
arch wall_1_3
x 4
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 17
end
arch wall_1_3
x 4
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 4
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 4
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 22
end
arch grass
x 4
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 23
end
arch grass
x 4
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 4
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 24
end
arch grass
x 4
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 25
end
arch grass
x 4
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 26
end
arch grass
x 4
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 27
end
arch grass
x 4
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 28
end
arch grass
x 4
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 4
y 29
end
arch grass
x 4
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
end
arch grass
x 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 1
end
arch grass
x 5
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 5
y 5
invisible 1
connected 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 5
y 6
connected 18
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 5
y 7
invisible 1
connected 18
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 5
y 16
invisible 1
connected 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 17
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 5
y 17
connected 20
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 5
y 18
invisible 1
connected 20
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 5
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 5
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 22
end
arch grass
x 5
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 23
end
arch grass
x 5
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_se-w
x 5
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 24
end
arch grass
x 5
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_l
x 5
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 25
end
arch grass
x 5
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 26
end
arch grass
x 5
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 27
end
arch grass
x 5
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 28
end
arch grass
x 5
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 5
y 29
end
arch grass
x 5
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
end
arch grass
x 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 1
end
arch grass
x 6
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 6
end
arch wall_1_4
x 6
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 17
end
arch wall_1_4
x 6
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 6
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 6
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 22
end
arch grass
x 6
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 23
end
arch grass
x 6
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 6
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 24
end
arch grass
x 6
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se
x 6
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 25
end
arch grass
x 6
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_l
x 6
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 26
end
arch grass
x 6
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 27
end
arch grass
x 6
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 28
end
arch grass
x 6
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 6
y 29
end
arch grass
x 6
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
end
arch grass
x 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 1
end
arch grass
x 7
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 7
y 11
invisible 1
connected 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 7
y 12
invisible 1
connected 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 7
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 7
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 22
end
arch grass
x 7
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch goldfloor
name Drop 30000 Diamonds for Access to your Storage Building
slaying gem
food 30000
x 7
y 22
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 23
end
arch grass
x 7
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 24
end
arch grass
x 7
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 7
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 25
end
arch grass
x 7
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se
x 7
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 26
end
arch grass
x 7
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_l
x 7
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 27
end
arch grass
x 7
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 28
end
arch grass
x 7
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 7
y 29
end
arch grass
x 7
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
end
arch grass
x 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 1
end
arch grass
x 8
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 2
end
arch wall_3_3
x 8
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 6
end
arch wall_4
x 8
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 10
end
arch wall_1_2
x 8
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_2
x 8
y 11
connected 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_2
x 8
y 12
connected 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 13
end
arch wall_1_1
x 8
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 17
end
arch wall_4
x 8
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 8
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 8
y 21
end
arch wall_3_1
x 8
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 22
end
arch grass
x 8
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 22
end
arch grass
x 8
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 23
end
arch grass
x 8
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 23
end
arch grass
x 8
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 24
end
arch grass
x 8
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 24
end
arch grass
x 8
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 25
end
arch grass
x 8
y 25
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 8
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 26
end
arch grass
x 8
y 26
end
arch river_nw-se
x 8
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 27
end
arch grass
x 8
y 27
end
arch river_nw-se_l
x 8
y 27
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 28
end
arch grass
x 8
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 28
end
arch grass
x 8
y 28
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 29
end
arch grass
x 8
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 8
y 29
end
arch grass
x 8
y 29
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
end
arch grass
x 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 1
end
arch grass
x 9
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 9
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch sign
name GuildMaster Message Board
msg
I am a talking board, please say something to me.  If you don't know what to say, say help.
endmsg
x 9
y 3
arch event_say
name GUILD_TEMPLATE_GM_board
title Python
slaying /python/IPO/board.py
end
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 6
end
arch wall_1_3
x 9
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 9
y 11
invisible 1
connected 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 9
y 12
invisible 1
connected 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch creator
other_arch woodfloor
x 9
y 16
connected 60
end
arch goldfloor
name drop 25 jade coins for a message board
slaying jadecoin
food 25
x 9
y 16
connected 9999
unique 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 17
end
arch wall_1_3
x 9
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 9
y 21
end
arch wall_1_3
x 9
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 22
end
arch grass
x 9
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch spikes_closed
x 9
y 22
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 23
end
arch grass
x 9
y 23
end
arch spikes_closed
x 9
y 23
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 24
end
arch grass
x 9
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 24
end
arch grass
x 9
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 25
end
arch grass
x 9
y 25
end
arch pillars
x 9
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 26
end
arch grass
x 9
y 26
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 9
y 26
end
arch brazier
x 9
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 27
end
arch grass
x 9
y 27
end
arch river_nw-e
x 9
y 27
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 28
end
arch grass
x 9
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 28
end
arch grass
x 9
y 28
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 29
end
arch grass
x 9
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 9
y 29
end
arch grass
x 9
y 29
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
end
arch grass
x 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 1
end
arch grass
x 10
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 10
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch teleporter
hp 22
sp 1
x 10
y 4
speed 0.0
invisible 1
connected 5
end
arch altar_trigger
name Drop 5000 Diamonds for Basement
slaying gem
food 5000
x 10
y 4
connected 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 10
y 5
invisible 1
connected 22
end
arch check_floor
slaying GUILD_TEMPLATE
x 10
y 6
move_block all
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 10
y 6
connected 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 10
y 7
invisible 1
connected 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 10
y 16
invisible 1
connected 98
end
arch check_floor
slaying GUILD_TEMPLATE
x 10
y 17
move_block all
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 17
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch igate_closed_1
x 10
y 17
connected 98
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 10
y 18
invisible 1
connected 98
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch book_read
name Owner's Guide
msg
These keys are intended for the Guildmasters (/First 3 people here, who should be the Guildmasters).  Inside the storage is an altar for making duplicates, the idea being that only the Guildmasters can initially decide who gains access into here, not just anyone thats a member of the guild (Of course, once they give keys to other members, they new members can make keys too).  The whole storage building is a no magic/prayer zone, in order to protect your items, however the basement is mostly magic allowed.  Also, no part of this building is buildable.
endmsg
x 10
y 19
unique 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 20
unique 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 10
y 20
invisible 1
connected 99
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 21
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 10
y 21
connected 111
end
arch woodfloor
x 10
y 21
unique 1
end
arch mdoor_closed_1
x 10
y 21
connected 111
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 10
y 22
connected 111
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 22
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 23
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 23
end
arch spikes_closed
x 10
y 23
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 24
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 25
end
arch pedestal_trigger
x 10
y 25
connected 454
end
arch magic_mouth
msg
Guardian says: Goodbye my child.
endmsg
x 10
y 25
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 25
end
arch teleporter
name leave_guild
hp 15
sp 26
x 10
y 25
speed 0.0
invisible 1
connected 454
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 26
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 26
end
arch dun0
name Guardian
face guildmaste.111
x 10
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 27
end
arch sign
name Guardian
x 10
y 27
arch event_say
name GUILD_TEMPLATE
title Python
slaying /python/guilds/storage_entry.py
end
end
arch magic_mouth
msg
Guardian says: If you are worthy to enter here, say enter.
Be warned - if you are not welcome here you will suffer my wrath.
endmsg
x 10
y 27
end
arch grass
x 10
y 27
end
arch river_bridge_ns
x 10
y 27
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 28
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 28
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 10
y 29
end
arch footpath_2_1_1
x 10
y 29
end
arch exit
slaying /Edit/This/Exit/Path
hp 22
sp 7
x 10
y 29
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
end
arch grass
x 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 1
end
arch grass
x 11
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 11
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 6
end
arch wall_1_4
x 11
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 11
y 11
invisible 1
connected 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 11
y 12
invisible 1
connected 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 17
end
arch wall_1_4
x 11
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 11
y 21
end
arch wall_1_4
x 11
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 22
end
arch grass
x 11
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch spikes_closed
x 11
y 22
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 23
end
arch grass
x 11
y 23
end
arch spikes_closed
x 11
y 23
connected 999
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 24
end
arch grass
x 11
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 24
end
arch grass
x 11
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 25
end
arch grass
x 11
y 25
end
arch pillars
x 11
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 26
end
arch grass
x 11
y 26
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
x 11
y 26
end
arch brazier
x 11
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 27
end
arch grass
x 11
y 27
end
arch river_ne-w
x 11
y 27
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 28
end
arch grass
x 11
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 28
end
arch grass
x 11
y 28
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 29
end
arch grass
x 11
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 11
y 29
end
arch grass
x 11
y 29
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
end
arch grass
x 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 1
end
arch grass
x 12
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 2
end
arch wall_3_3
x 12
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 6
end
arch wall_4
x 12
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 10
end
arch wall_1_2
x 12
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_2
x 12
y 11
connected 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_2
x 12
y 12
connected 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 13
end
arch wall_1_1
x 12
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 17
end
arch wall_4
x 12
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 12
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 12
y 21
end
arch wall_3_1
x 12
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 22
end
arch grass
x 12
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 23
end
arch grass
x 12
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 23
end
arch grass
x 12
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 24
end
arch grass
x 12
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 24
end
arch grass
x 12
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 25
end
arch grass
x 12
y 25
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
x 12
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 26
end
arch grass
x 12
y 26
end
arch river_sw-ne
x 12
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 27
end
arch grass
x 12
y 27
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 12
y 27
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 28
end
arch grass
x 12
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 28
end
arch grass
x 12
y 28
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 29
end
arch grass
x 12
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 12
y 29
end
arch grass
x 12
y 29
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
end
arch grass
x 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 1
end
arch grass
x 13
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 13
y 11
invisible 1
connected 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 13
y 12
invisible 1
connected 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 13
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 13
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 22
end
arch grass
x 13
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 23
end
arch grass
x 13
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 24
end
arch grass
x 13
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
x 13
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 25
end
arch grass
x 13
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne
x 13
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 26
end
arch grass
x 13
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 13
y 26
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 27
end
arch grass
x 13
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 28
end
arch grass
x 13
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 13
y 29
end
arch grass
x 13
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
end
arch grass
x 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 1
end
arch grass
x 14
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 6
end
arch wall_1_3
x 14
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 17
end
arch wall_1_3
x 14
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 14
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 14
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 22
end
arch grass
x 14
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 23
end
arch grass
x 14
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
x 14
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 24
end
arch grass
x 14
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne
x 14
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 25
end
arch grass
x 14
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 14
y 25
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 26
end
arch grass
x 14
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 27
end
arch grass
x 14
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 28
end
arch grass
x 14
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 14
y 29
end
arch grass
x 14
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
end
arch grass
x 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 1
end
arch grass
x 15
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 15
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 15
y 5
invisible 1
connected 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 6
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 15
y 6
connected 19
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 15
y 7
invisible 1
connected 19
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 15
y 16
invisible 1
connected 21
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 17
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch grate_closed_1
x 15
y 17
connected 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch button_trigger
x 15
y 18
invisible 1
connected 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 15
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 15
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 22
end
arch grass
x 15
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 23
end
arch grass
x 15
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-e
x 15
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 24
end
arch grass
x 15
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 15
y 24
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 25
end
arch grass
x 15
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 26
end
arch grass
x 15
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 27
end
arch grass
x 15
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 28
end
arch grass
x 15
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 15
y 29
end
arch grass
x 15
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
end
arch grass
x 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 1
end
arch grass
x 16
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 16
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 6
end
arch wall_1_4
x 16
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 17
end
arch wall_1_4
x 16
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 16
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 16
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 22
end
arch grass
x 16
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 23
end
arch grass
x 16
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 16
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 24
end
arch grass
x 16
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 25
end
arch grass
x 16
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 26
end
arch grass
x 16
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 27
end
arch grass
x 16
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 28
end
arch grass
x 16
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 16
y 29
end
arch grass
x 16
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
end
arch grass
x 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 1
end
arch grass
x 17
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 2
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 17
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 3
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 4
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 5
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 6
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 17
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 7
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 8
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 9
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 10
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 11
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 12
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 13
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 14
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 15
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 16
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 17
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 17
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 18
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 19
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 20
no_magic 1
unique 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 17
y 21
end
arch wall_2_1_2
x 17
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 22
end
arch grass
x 17
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 23
end
arch grass
x 17
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 17
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 24
end
arch grass
x 17
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 25
end
arch grass
x 17
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 26
end
arch grass
x 17
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 27
end
arch grass
x 17
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 28
end
arch grass
x 17
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 17
y 29
end
arch grass
x 17
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
end
arch grass
x 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 18
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 1
end
arch grass
x 18
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 2
end
arch wall_2_2_3
x 18
y 2
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 3
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 3
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 4
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 4
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 5
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 5
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 6
end
arch wall_3_4
x 18
y 6
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 7
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 7
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 8
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 8
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 9
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 9
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 10
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 10
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 11
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 11
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 12
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 12
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 13
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 13
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 14
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 14
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 15
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 15
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 16
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 16
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 17
end
arch wall_3_4
x 18
y 17
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 18
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 18
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 19
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 19
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 20
end
arch wall_2_1_1
x 18
y 20
end
arch woodfloor
x 18
y 21
end
arch wall_2_2_4
x 18
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 22
end
arch grass
x 18
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 23
end
arch grass
x 18
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_w-e
x 18
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 24
end
arch grass
x 18
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 25
end
arch grass
x 18
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 26
end
arch grass
x 18
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 27
end
arch grass
x 18
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 28
end
arch grass
x 18
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 18
y 29
end
arch grass
x 18
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
end
arch grass
x 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_se-w
x 19
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 1
end
arch grass
x 19
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_l
x 19
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 2
end
arch grass
x 19
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 3
end
arch grass
x 19
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 4
end
arch grass
x 19
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 5
end
arch grass
x 19
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 6
end
arch grass
x 19
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 7
end
arch grass
x 19
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 8
end
arch grass
x 19
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 9
end
arch grass
x 19
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 10
end
arch grass
x 19
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 11
end
arch grass
x 19
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 12
end
arch grass
x 19
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 13
end
arch grass
x 19
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 14
end
arch grass
x 19
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 15
end
arch grass
x 19
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 16
end
arch grass
x 19
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 17
end
arch grass
x 19
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 18
end
arch grass
x 19
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 19
end
arch grass
x 19
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 20
end
arch grass
x 19
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 21
end
arch grass
x 19
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 22
end
arch grass
x 19
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_u
x 19
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 23
end
arch grass
x 19
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_ne-w
x 19
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 24
end
arch grass
x 19
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 25
end
arch grass
x 19
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 26
end
arch grass
x 19
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 27
end
arch grass
x 19
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 28
end
arch grass
x 19
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 19
y 29
end
arch grass
x 19
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
end
arch grass
x 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-se_u
x 20
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 1
end
arch grass
x 20
y 1
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_nw-s
x 20
y 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 2
end
arch grass
x 20
y 2
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 2
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 3
end
arch grass
x 20
y 3
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 3
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 4
end
arch grass
x 20
y 4
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 4
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 5
end
arch grass
x 20
y 5
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 5
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 6
end
arch grass
x 20
y 6
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 6
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 7
end
arch grass
x 20
y 7
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 7
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 8
end
arch grass
x 20
y 8
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 8
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 9
end
arch grass
x 20
y 9
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 9
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 10
end
arch grass
x 20
y 10
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 10
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 11
end
arch grass
x 20
y 11
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 11
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 12
end
arch grass
x 20
y 12
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 12
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 13
end
arch grass
x 20
y 13
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 13
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 14
end
arch grass
x 20
y 14
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 14
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 15
end
arch grass
x 20
y 15
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 15
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 16
end
arch grass
x 20
y 16
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 16
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 17
end
arch grass
x 20
y 17
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 17
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 18
end
arch grass
x 20
y 18
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 18
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 19
end
arch grass
x 20
y 19
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 19
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 20
end
arch grass
x 20
y 20
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 20
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 21
end
arch grass
x 20
y 21
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_n-s
x 20
y 21
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 22
end
arch grass
x 20
y 22
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-n
x 20
y 22
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 23
end
arch grass
x 20
y 23
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch river_sw-ne_l
x 20
y 23
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 24
end
arch grass
x 20
y 24
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 25
end
arch grass
x 20
y 25
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 26
end
arch grass
x 20
y 26
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 27
end
arch grass
x 20
y 27
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 28
end
arch grass
x 20
y 28
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch dungeon_magic
x 20
y 29
end
arch grass
x 20
y 29
move_block swim boat
no_magic 1
damned 1
end
arch blocked
x 21
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 1
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 2
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 3
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 4
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 5
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 6
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 7
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 8
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 9
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 10
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 11
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 12
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 13
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 14
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 15
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 16
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 17
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 18
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 19
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 20
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 21
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 22
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 23
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 24
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 25
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 26
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 27
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 28
end
arch blocked
x 21
y 29
end
arch grass
x 22
end
arch teleporter
hp 10
sp 3
x 22
speed 0.0
connected 5
end
arch stair_down_1
slaying storage_hall.0
hp 3
sp 2
x 22
end
arch grass
x 22
y 1
end
arch grass
x 22
y 2
end
arch grass
x 22
y 3
end
arch grass
x 22
y 4
end
arch grass
x 22
y 5
end
arch grass
x 22
y 6
end
arch grass
x 22
y 7
end
arch grass
x 22
y 8
end
arch grass
x 22
y 9
end
arch grass
x 22
y 10
end
arch grass
x 22
y 11
end
arch grass
x 22
y 12
end
arch grass
x 22
y 13
end
arch grass
x 22
y 14
end
arch grass
x 22
y 15
end
arch grass
x 22
y 16
end
arch grass
x 22
y 17
end
arch grass
x 22
y 18
end
arch grass
x 22
y 19
end
arch grass
x 22
y 20
end
arch grass
x 22
y 21
end
arch grass
x 22
y 22
end
arch grass
x 22
y 23
end
arch grass
x 22
y 24
end
arch grass
x 22
y 25
end
arch grass
x 22
y 26
end
arch grass
x 22
y 27
end
arch grass
x 22
y 28
end
arch grass
x 22
y 29
end
